Edit css background image (#4014)
Codecademy/docs: content/css/concepts/background/terms/background-image/background-image.md

  - `radial-gradient(circle at top, #40BFA5, #BB40BF)`
  - `repeating-radial-gradient(#1D4D19, #191A4D 10px)`

Multiple background images are supported. The first `value` specified will be stacked on top.

```css
background-image: value, value;
```

> **Note:** The `background-color` property should always be set, which acts as a fallback color when the set background-image is unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The `background-color` property should always be set, which acts as a fallback color when the set `background-image` is unavailable.
```

## Example 1

Set a linear gradient background on the `.hero` class element, transitioning from yellow at the top to purple at the bottom:

```css
.hero {
  width: 400px;
  height: 300px;
  background-image: linear-gradient(yellow, purple);
}
```

> ![Image illustration for example 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/background-image-example-1.png)

Reviewer 2: Add a more descriptive `alt-text` (text inside the square brackets). Something like this:
Linear Gradient background from yellow to purple

## Example 2

Set two background images on the `.hero` class element with a fallback background color of blue. The `fish.png` image will be positioned on top of the `ocean.png` image:

```css
.hero {
  width: 400px;
  height: 300px;
  background-color: blue;
  background-image: url('fish.png'), url('ocean.png');
  background-size: cover;
}
```

![Image illustration for example 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/background-image-example-2.png)

## Example 3

> Set two background images on the `.hero` class element with a fallback background color of `green`. Repeat `squirrel.gif` on top of `tree.png` sizing down `squirrel.gif` to `20%` and `tree.png` to `cover`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set two background images on the `.hero` class element with a fallback background color of `green`. It repeats `squirrel.gif` on top of `tree.png` sizing down `squirrel.gif` to `20%` and `tree.png` to `cover`:
```
